We are having a lot of fun.
>> Oh boy.
>> Wait, [laughter]
there's no way. Okay, great.
>> He wants to go back.
>> Um, well,
>> NO. COME ON OUT.
>> COME ON OUT. [cheering]
>> HI, BRAD.
>> WOW.
>> Good to see you.
>> I love it. We're doing it live today,
family.
>> You guys are are learning a very
important thing about our show, which is
that it's edited.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
Um, Kevin, do you have maybe one more
thing you want to say before we get in
the interview?
>> Yes. So, we're here with Sam Alman and
Brad Brad Lycap from Open.
>> Do your thing. [laughter]
>> You can like check your email.
>> Well, what what we were going to do is
tee up uh your appearance a little bit
by just giving a little lay of the land
of what's been going on at OpenAI, which
is a very busy company. Uh Casey and I
have
>> This is more fun that we're out here for
this though.
>> Yeah. [laughter] No, jump in. Like you
guys can be Statatler and Waldorf over
there. I can here. I like I had a list
of headlines from the past couple of
weeks and if there's anything that just
makes you want to roll your eyes, you
can roll your eyes. Okay. So, um you uh
>> are you going to talk about where you
sue us because you don't like user
privacy?
>> Okay.
[cheering]
>> The last thing Sam said to me before he
came on stage was I don't stress
>> I did say that. That's true. [laughter]
>> Well, I teed it up with the headlines.
>> Yeah. Do you want to say something Kevin
about the New York Times?
>> Oh, yes. We should also give our
disclosures which is that uh we are just
journalists. We are not involved in the
lawsuit. And before we get started, in
grand hard fork tradition, we should do
our disclosures because we're going to
be talking a little bit about AI
tonight. So, Casey, you want to take
away?
>> I'm excited to hear the disclosure.
[cheering]
>> Amazing. Well, I'm proud to say my
boyfriend works at Anthropic. [cheering]
>> He may even be here tonight. Love you,
sweetheart.
>> And I work for the New York Times
company, which is suing OpenAI Microsoft
for copyright violations alleged to the
training of large language models. Did I
get that right? Yeah. Period.
[laughter]
>> I don't know. We don't represent the
company's views on the matter.
>> What do you think of the company's
views?
>> What do I think of the company's views?
[laughter]
>> Are you trying to get me fired, son?
>> No, I just want to know.
>> Um,
>> Kevin needs this job, Sam. [laughter]
>> I don't have any other skills.
>> It seems like you got a podcast. I mean,
a lot of things.
>> Um,
>> yeah. Well, okay, great. So, you know,
you said that. I'm going to just pretend
I didn't hear that. You're pro the
lawsuit.
>> What's that?
>> You're pro the lawsuit.
>> I think people should read the relevant
filings and make up their own mind.
>> YES. DEMOCRACY. DEMOCRACY.
We love it. We love [applause] it. We
love it.
>> And what about your mind?
>> Well, it feels like you have something
you want to say about
>> Well, I look I do think like user I like
user privacy. I don't I don't think
>> You want to explain what you're what
you're talking about?
>> Explain what you mean. Oh,
[laughter] well, you guys are suing us.
And
>> I'm AN INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR. I WRITE A
NEWSLETTER. IT'S CALLED PLATFORMER.
>> YEAH. DON'T DRAG HIM INTO THIS.
>> And and one of the things that's
happening is uh you all are sorry,
>> your employer is uh or I don't know what
you call for an independent contract.
the New York Times, let's just say the
New York Times,
>> the one of the great institutions truly
uh for a long time is
>> is taking a position that we should have
to preserve our users logs even if
they're chatting in private mode, even
if they've asked us to delete them. And
you know, the lawsuit we're happy to
fight out, but that thing we we really
we think that privacy and AI is just
this like extremely important concept to
get right for the future. And we care a
lot about the president. Still love you
guys. still love the New York Times, but
that one we feel strongly about.
>> Well, thank you for your views. And I'll
just say it must be really hard when
someone does something with your data
that you don't really want them to. I
don't know what that's like personally,
but maybe someone else does. Okay, let's
get started with the questions.
>> I don't That's all right.
>> I I WAS RECENTLY TOLD BY A GUEST on
stage that the singularity would be
gentle. So, I just want to point that
out.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> Casey, read your headlines.
>> Speaking of, do we still want the
headline? LET'S GO INTO THE QUESTION.
These people know what's been happening
with OpenAI.
>> Okay. Yeah.
>> But I think it's it's important to give
a sense of like the the just volume
sheer volume of stuff you all are doing.
Like we've been covering tech for a long
time. I don't think either of us have
ever seen a company that makes this much
news this regularly on this many areas.
I you've got hardware stuff going on
with Johnny IV. You've got obviously
chat GPT continues to grow. You're uh
doing this defense contract, this $200
million defense contract, a deal with
Mattel to make toys.
>> I think you were the first company to
sign a deal with Mattel and the military
in the same week.
>> I [laughter] like that.
>> Um Stargate, your big data center
project, uh your attempted conversion to
a for-profit company. So, there's just a
lot going on in your worlds. Um, Casey,
>> well, but we wanted to start with
something I don't know that I thought
you might have fun talking about, which
is that Rascal Mark Zuckerberg keeps
coming after your employees.
And I'm sure this is happening to you
guys on some level all of the time, but
I wondered if there's been any like
particularly funny or crazy moment over
the past few weeks as they've really
stepped this up.
>> Any that you think have been
particularly funny?
>> Many. Uh,
>> many.
>> Yeah. Uh,
I don't know. I haven't slept in four
years, so it's like [laughter] at this
point nothing nothing phases me. Um,
>> what one of the strangest things of the
job is the amount of things that can go
wrong by like 11:00 on a Monday morning
>> is just an astonishing diversity of
stuff. And so it's like, okay,
Zuckerberg is doing some new insane
thing.
>> What's next?
>> Yeah.
>> Like, I want to gossip for just one
minute more. Do you think
>> only one more?
>> We're here for a lot of that. We could
do more gossip. Um, do you think Mark
Zuckerberg actually believes in super
intelligence or do you just think he's
saying that as a recruiting tactic?
>> I think he believes he's super
intelligent.
[cheering]
lay cap off the ropes.
[laughter]
Very good.
All right. But it sounds like your your
confidence uh has not been shaken by the
the recent raid uh on on your employees.
>> We're feeling good.
>> Yeah. All right. All right. So, you
recently wrote this essay I just
mentioned, the the gentle singularity,
and you wrote, "We're past the event
horizon. The takeoff has started." And
um you know, people uh I think read that
and thought, "Do these guys like have a
super intelligence that they're keeping
it in the basement?" Um I I assume that
that's not true, but tell us a little
bit about why you wrote that essay and
when in your mind we hit this point of
no return.
We don't have a super intelligence in
the basement, but we have shipped a
model that any of you can use and I hope
any of you do that is
quite smart relative to what you might
have expected 5 years ago where the
world would be with AI. And we have all
adjusted to this. We've all just sort of
said, "Oh, you know, this is, you know,
this is the new world. We have like PhD
level intelligence in our pocket and we
can use it. We can talk to it all day.
It can do all the stuff for us. Um,
but it is kind of remarkable that this
has happened and this is the world now.
And when you are like living through
moving history, you adapt so quickly
that
I think it's hard to get the perspective
of like man you know 5 years ago
most of the experts made fun of anyone
who said AI AGI might be even a
plausible thing to to work towards and
now here we are with this like this
thing that has come quite a long way
that we can use in all these ways and
we have always so we used to try to just
say like, "Hey, this AGI thing is
coming. It might be a really big deal.
It might be really important. You all
should pay attention." No one cared. And
we shipped a product and then people
cared. And a thing we've learned again
and again is, you know, talking about it
doesn't seem to break through, but if
people can use it and feel it and, you
know, see where it it's good and where
it's bad and integrate with their lives,
then they do. And so now we see many
years ahead of us of extreme progress uh
that we feel is like pretty much on lock
and models that will get to the point
where they are capable of doing
meaningful science, meaningful AI
research and we continue to feel a
responsibility to tell the world about
that. Most people won't listen. Maybe
some more people will listen this time,
but
we'll ship products that expose these
higher levels of intelligence that we'll
build. And that is how I think people
will really get their hands around
what's happening.
>> Now Brad, it's your job to manage the
business of OpenAI. What is being past
the event horizon uh towards super
intelligence mean for Open AI as a
company? I imagine it makes lots of
different kinds of decisions different,
but like how do you plan for a world uh
like the one that Sam is describing as a
person who runs a business?
>> Yeah, it's the fun part of what we do.
Um we debate this internally a lot. uh
like [clears throat] we will kind of
wake up one day with this incredibly
powerful thing and will the world be
different that day? And I think what
we've all kind of agreed now is it
probably won't. Um kind of to Sam's
point, I think like these things really
have to be kind of integrated into
people's lives. They have to be felt and
that change is more gradual and so we
work really closely with companies and
as much as we do with users uh to figure
out what that process will look like. Um
I do think businesses will look very
different in the future. So my kind of
personal metric for what kind of
business in the super intelligence age
means is uh you've been you know you've
got one person who has a lot of agency
and a lot of willpower who has the
capacity to start a company that can do
billions of dollars in revenue and it's
hard to imagine now like you think okay
I need sales people and I need product
people and engineers and accountants and
so on. Um but uh but all of that stuff
now can can can kind of just be can be
managed, right? It can be it can be kind
of built into the system. Um and that
just gives incredible agency to to to
individual people.
>> So I want to get into the nitty-gritty
of building this future. Right now the
agents that that you all have built for
coding are really extremely good. People
can build a lot of amazing stuff with
them. Outside that domain, we've seen
less progress. Talk to me about what's
going to happen in the next year that
makes you feel like you can start
knocking off one or more of these other
domains.
>> Well, first of all, coding is pretty
general purpose. If you can write code,
you can do a system that can write code
just like a person that can write code
can make a lot of other things happen.
Um, but we are beginning to see
scientists be much more productive with
this. We're seeing companies like really
change a lot of their workflows. The the
thing though that I am excited for. Most
of the way people use AI today is sort
of like send a request, get a response.
You send a request, it might think for a
second, it might not. It sends you
something back. You are in one of those
like vibe coding things and you do
something and you get something back.
Um,
I think I'm very excited for a world
where each of us has uh, you know, a
copy of 03 or many copies of 03 that are
just constantly running, constantly
trying to like say, "Oh, I see this
happening now this and I'm reading Slack
and I'm reading an email and I see this
and this and this and you asked about
this yesterday. here's a new idea and
starts to just we have this like team of
agents, assistants, companions, whatever
you want to call them that are doing
stuff in the background all of the time
and that that I think will really
transform what people can do and how we
work and kind of maybe to some extent
how we just sort of like live our lives.
>> So I use 03 all the time. It is helpful
to me as a journalist. It can fact check
stuff for me. It can edit stuff for me.
Um, when is the moment when like it just
kind of knows what I do and in the
morning it actually just kind of starts
doing that stuff without me telling it?
>> Um, well that's kind of what I'm talking
about except I don't think it should be
without you telling it. But I would love
if I woke up every morning and there was
uh, you know, a drafted response to
every email that had come in overnight
and I could click and I could say I want
to send this one. I want to edit this
one. I want to send that one. If I could
open ChatGpt and say hey here was the
stuff you were working on yesterday that
you didn't finish on your to-do list.
here's my attempts at that. Do you want
me to take this action, that one, that
one? And by the way, here are these
other things that happened overnight in,
you know, with a customer or in the
world or whatever. And, you know, here's
a set of stuff I could do for you. And I
have like all of this ready to go. And I
I could just sort of go through and say
like, okay, do that, don't do that. You
know, here's what should have been
different here. That I'm very excited
about, but I don't want to like go to
sleep and have 03 just start taking
actions for me.
>> All right.
>> I use 03 a lot, too, and I I find it
very useful. The thing I will say is
that it lies. it like more than previous
models. I I feel like it is a crafty
shifty assistant that will just once in
a while make stuff up. And actually, it
seems like the hallucinate the
hallucination rates on these newer
models are are staying about the same or
maybe even getting worse. So, do you
have a theory on why that might be?
>> I think it did get a little bit worse
from 01 to03 uh and we'll make it much
better in the next version. Um
I think we
We're we're earlier in learning how to
align reasoning models and also like how
people are using them in different ways,
but I think we've now learned a lot and
I I would suspect you'll be very happy
with the next generation there.
>> So, you made your large uh your largest
acquisition to date this year uh with
Johnny Ives IO. First crop of AI
hardware that we've seen has not been
particularly successful. Brad and Sam,
what do you guys feel like you're seeing
that makes you feel like you can do
something different here?
it well every time you kind of
replplatform technology there tends to
be kind of a corresponding set of things
that get built that change how we
interface with that technology. So I
think the the question here is is that
going to happen again? Um you know all
of a sudden right like you have uh uh
you you kind of miniaturaturize the PC
and you have the mobile phone you know
the PC itself was a miniaturaturization
of the main frame and so on and so
forth. I think this one has a different
direction. I think this one is really
going to be about um this very kind of
aware, very contextual, almost
companion-like system that is going to
be less about kind of like a dependency
on a screen. I think there's a place for
a screen in that world, but um it's
going to be really about an awareness of
kind of the ambient environment. What's
going on? What's I mean Sam mentioned
the kind of trivial example of like
something that you know is looking at
your email. You can build something
that's really bad that does that today,
but to get to the version of that that's
like transcendently good, there's a ton
of context and a ton of awareness that
you have to have of like what each
situational thing is that helps you
craft exactly the right response. Um,
and imagine that now in kind of any
arbitrary situation and and wanting to
have that with you all the time.
>> And so I think that's a very compelling
direction for this type of of hardware.
It
>> it sounds a lot like Alexa. Is it going
to feel a lot different than Alexa?
Don't you just want to wait and be
surprised and get some joy? Like, it's
been a long time since the world has
gotten a fundamentally new kind of
computer.
>> Like, let us try.
>> If it's Alexa, we're going to be really
mad. I'm just saying that right now.
[laughter]
>> So will I.
>> And these people will remember this. Uh
Sam,
>> no. I think I think we can do I think we
have a chance to do something truly
great, but hardware is really hard and
it takes a while. And
you know, I've always wanted to try to
do a new kind of computer, but that
hasn't worked most of the time. So,
we're like really going to take our our
time and try to get it right.
>> Sam, a few years ago, you described your
relationship with Microsoft and its CEO,
Sati Nadella, as quote, "The best
bromance in tech." Uh, the bromance has
been feeling a little wobbly recently.
Uh, OpenAI needs Microsoft's blessing
for this for-profit conversion. And
Micros Microsoft has reportedly peeved
at you about a bunch of things,
including the terms of a planned
acquisition. Last week, the Wall Street
Journal reported that things had gotten
so tense that OpenAI executives were
considering reporting Microsoft to the
government for anti-competitive
behavior.
>> Do you believe that when you read those
things and say like, do you think
>> is are you saying,
>> you know what I always think when I read
that? I hope I get to ask Sam Alman
about it. [laughter]
>> [applause]
>> Um,
>> so what what is going on? And are you
caught in a bad bromance? [laughter]
>> I had a super nice call with Satia
yesterday uh about many topics,
including our hopefully very long and
productive future working together. And
obviously in any deep partnership, there
are points of tension and we've
certainly had those. But on the whole
it's been like really wonderfully good
for both companies. Um we're both
ambitious companies so we do find some
flash points but I would expect that it
is something that we find like deep
value in for both sides for a very long
time to come. Um, and you know, in a
world where I do read these articles
sometimes like open AI and Microsoft
about to collapse and this, you know,
that
>> and then like my calls are like how do
we figure out what the next decade
together looks like and it just it
doesn't
Yeah. Again, not to pretend like there's
no tension. There is, but
>> there's like so much good stuff there
and I think there's like such a long
horizon.
>> That's what we in the business call a
non-denial denial.
>> I don't know.
>> Just kidding.
>> Um, let's let's move on. uh into some
policy stuff. Um you've talked to
President Trump. What does he think
about AI? What are those conversations
like
[laughter]
that? Al that was not intended to be a
laugh line.
>> You want to take it first? [laughter]
>> I'll do it. No, that's fine. That was
not intended to be a laugh line either.
Um I [snorts]
>> I think he really gets it. I think he
gets the technology. What I couldn't say
that about all presidents. Um
I think he really understands the
importance of
the leadership in this technology, the
potential for economic transformation,
the sort of geopolitical importance, the
need to build out a lot of
infrastructure. They're like very
productive conversations and he has done
stuff that has really helped the whole
industry. Um you know I it is easier to
permit data centers and new energy to
run those data centers uh than it has I
think ever been before. And
that could have gone the other way.
>> Um, Dario Amade of Anthropic recently
said that he thinks 50% of entry-level
white collar jobs could disappear due to
AI in the next 1 to 5 years. Do you
agree?
>> No. No, I don't. I just
>> No. Um,
>> why not, Brad?
>> We have like we have no evidence of this
and Dario is a scientist. Um, and I I
would hope he takes like an
evidence-based approach to these types
of things, but like we work with every
business under the sun. Um, we look at
the problem and uh and opportunity of
deploying AI into every company on
Earth. Um, we we yet, you know, have yet
to see any any evidence that that people
are kind of wholesale replacing entry-
level jobs. Um, I think that there is
going to be some sort of change in the
job market. I think it's inevitable. I
think every time you get a platform
shift, you get a change in the job
market. I mean in 1900 40% of people
worked in agriculture it's 2% today. Um
you know Microsoft Excel has probably
been the greatest job displaceer of the
20th century and if we knew a priority
that Microsoft Excel was coming uh you
know and everyone was kind of like
ftting about it I think in retrospect we
would have thought that was dumb but um
so I think like there will be change uh
of course but uh I think like there's a
there's no evidence of it today and b I
think like we will manage through it. Um
we have a lot of empathy for the
problem. I think like we work with
businesses every day to try and enable
people to be able to use the tools at
the level of like the 20-year-olds that
come into companies and use them with a
level of fluency that far transcends
anyone else at those organizations. But
um we see it as our mission to to to
make sure that people know how to use
these tools and and to drive people
forward.
>> You know, I have to say we we've had
some listeners write into the show and
say, "Hey, I'm a junior coder. I just
got laid off. I'm not feeling really
good about my prospects here." So that's
like, you know, a pretty small sliver of
the economy, but you know, I hear you
talk about what you want to do with 03.
I think if it gets as good as you're
saying, it's not just going to be the
junior coders who are going to be
affected by that, right? So I guess what
I'm saying is I feel like I'm seeing
like slivers of it now. And I'm curious
what you make of those.
I I do think there will be areas where
some jobs go away or maybe there will be
some whole categories of jobs that go
away and any job that goes away even if
it's like good for society and the
economy as a whole is pain very painful
extremely painful in that moment and so
I do totally get not just the anxiety
but that there is going to be real pain
here um in in in many cases in many more
cases So I think we will find that
the world is significantly undermployed.
The world wants way more code than can
get written right now. There
I I think we are already seeing
companies who said, "Oh, I'm going to
need less coders to now saying
paradoxically, I need more coders.
They're going to work differently, but
I'm just going to make 100 times as much
code, 100 times as much product with 10
times as much people, and we'll still
make 30 times as much money even if the
price comes down." Um,
I I think all of human history suggests
that if you give people better tools, if
technology keeps going, although there
are always people who say,
you know, we're going to be working 3
hours a day and sitting on the beach and
we're going to have run out of things to
do. Like, human demand seems limitless.
Our ability to imagine new things to do
for each other seems limitless. We
always seem to want more stuff, to play,
you know, increasingly silly status
games. um our jobs would not have seemed
like real jobs to people in the not very
distant past, you know, like you're
sitting around like talking on stage and
you're trying to like make a piece of
software and you're trying to like do a
podcast and you're trying to make people
laugh. Like that's great, but that's
like play. That's not a job. You have
plenty of food to eat. You have all this
stuff to do. You have this unimaginable
luxury. And and because I think human
imagination and
desire, demand, whatever you want to
call it, is limitless, we will find
incredible new things to do. Society
will get way richer. Uh I think
generally society gets richer. Uh
unemployment goes down, not up. And I'd
expect to keep seeing that even though
people I think don't talk about that
very much. And
the entry-level people, I think, will be
the people that do the best here.
They're the most fluent with the tools.
They're the most like able to think of
things in very new ways. They have this
sort of
largest canvas. Uh so we
there's going to be real downside here.
There's going to be real negative
impact. And again, like any single job
lost really matters to that person. And
the hard part about this is I think it
will happen faster than previous
technological changes. But
but I think the new jobs will be better
and people will have better stuff and
and and and and the the kind of like
take that half the jobs are going to be
gone in a year or two years or 5 years
or whatever. I think that just I think
that's not how society really works.
Even if the technology were ready for
that, the inertia of society, which will
be helpful in this case, is like
There's a lot of mass there.
>> The thing we actually see empirically,
if we want to talk about kind of what we
observe,
>> is somewhat what Sam's describing, it's
actually there's there's a class of uh
of of worker that I think is more
tenured, is more oriented toward a
routine and a certain way of doing
things in a certain role. Um that is not
actually sophisticated in use of these
tools. They're not adopting them. Um
they tend to think that it's not worth
their time or whatever it may be. And I
think there's a lot of fear there. Uh
and a lot of what what what's driving
that fear are like 20somes that are
actually coming into the workforce who
have been using these tools for years
and years and who've mastered them in a
way that like they kind of look at these
other jobs and they're like why would
you waste your time doing that that
thing? I can do that much faster. Um and
so the thing that companies actually
worry about deeply is not the entry
level job. It's really the the the job
of the person that has been at the
company for 30 years who's done
something in a very kind of wrote and
routine way where there's an urge on on
the m the side of management of of
wanting to really kind of modernize the
tool set. Um and what do you do with
that? Right? And that's that's I think
actually the kind of addressable problem
for us. Sam, two years ago you testified
to Congress about the need for more AI
regulation. More recently you went back
to Washington and testified again that
you supported a light touch regulatory
regime. And earlier this year, you said
you supported a federal preeemption on
state level AI regulations, a version of
which is now part of the Republican
budget bill. What changed? Did you see
the regulations that people were writing
and thought we wanted regulation, but
not like that?
>> No, I still think we need some
regulation, but I I would say I have for
I think like a patchwork across the
states would probably be a real mess and
very difficult to offer services under.
And I also think that I have become more
Jaden's quite the right word, but
something in that direction about the
ability of policy makers to grapple with
the speed of technology. And I worry
that if people write, you know, if we
kick off like a three-year process to
write something that's like very
detailed and uh, you know, covers a lot
of cases, the technology will just move
very quickly. On the other hand, as
these systems get quite powerful, I
think we clearly need something and
I I think something around the sort of
like
the really risky capabilities and
ideally something that can sort of be
quite
adaptive and not like a law that
survives a hundred years and sort of
says here's exactly the things you can
do and not do would be good. But
but yeah, it's like impossible for me to
imagine a world where society doesn't
decide we need some some framework here.
>> Earlier this year, you adjusted uh GPT40
after it inadvertently became more sick
of fantic than you intended. Since then,
we've read more stories about how chat
GPT and other chatbots can destabilize
people by sending them down
conspiratorial rabbit holes, making them
feel like they're having mystical
experiences. Can that be stopped? Do you
want it to stop?
>> Of course, we want it to stop. Um I mean
we we do a we do a lot of things to uh
try to mitigate that. We we
you know if people are having like a
crisis which they talk to check about we
try to convince them to we try to
suggest that they get help from a
professional that they talk to their
family. If conversations are going down
a sort of
rabbit hole uh in this direction we try
to cut them off or suggest to the user
to you know maybe think about something
differently. But there are I think the
broader topic of
mental health and the way that that
interacts with over reliance on AI
models is
something we're trying to take extremely
seriously and rapidly. We don't want to
like slide into the mistakes that that I
think previous generation of tech
companies made by not reacting quickly
enough as a new thing sort of like had a
psychological interaction. Have you ever
thought about just like like literally
putting a warning on that says this is
chat GPT. You are not talking to God.
You are not having a religious
experience.
>> Um I mean the model will tell you things
like that and then users will write us
and say like you're you you modified
this you know and they change their like
custom instructions. Um but yes there
need to be a lot of warnings like that.
However, to the users that are in a
fragile enough mental place that are
like on the edge of a psychotic break,
we haven't yet figured out how a warning
gets through there.
>> We also have to be careful because
there's there are incredible number of
use cases that I I think probably by
kind of by by sheer volume outweigh some
of the use cases you're describing where
people are really relying on these
systems for pretty critical parts of
their life. Um, these are things like,
you know, um, almost kind of borderline
therapeutic or I mean, you know, I've
get stories of people who have
rehabilitated marriages, have re
rehabilitated relationships with aranged
loved ones, things like that where it's
it's highly net positive and and there's
not a dependency, but it's it's it's the
first time in their life that they've
had something that they feel like they
can confide in and it doesn't cost them
$1,000 an hour, right? And I was surfing
in Costa Rica the other day and someone
paddled up to me and you know was
chatting with him, a local Costa Rican
guy and I was he's like, "Where do you
work?" I said, "Open AI." He's like,
"Oh, you make ChachiPT." Um, and he
started he started crying. He's like,
"ChachiP saved my marriage." I didn't
know how to talk to my wife and I it
gave me tips to talk to my wife and I'
I've learned that and you know, we've we
we're on a much better path and and you
know, it sounds like a dumb and like
stupid story, but like it's not. I mean,
I was there.
>> That's great. We're back to even because
the chatbot tried to break up my
marriage.
Well,
>> not our chatbot, though.
>> Well, it was your chatbot, but it was
inside Bing, so we'll
>> spread the spread the blame around
there.
>> Now, uh Sam, you just had a kid.
Congratulations.
>> Um,
>> thank you. [applause]
>> Do you think over the course of their
lifetime your kid will have more human
friends or more AI friends?
more human friends, but AI will be,
if not a friend, at least an important
kind of companion of some sort.
>> Is that okay with you? Like, would you
if your your kid at one point when
they're a little older came home and
said, "I've got an AI friend." How would
that make you feel?
If if my kid felt like that was playing
that was like replacing human friends,
um
I would have concerns about that at
least with what again there are edge
cases. You know, any any person who
talks to hundreds of millions of people
a day is going to meet a lot of edge
cases and the sense strategy is talking
to hundreds of millions of people a day.
There going to be some real edge cases
in there. But most people much more than
I was concerned seem to really
understand the difference between
talking to a person and talking to
Chachi PT. And I still do have a lot of
concerns about the impact on mental
health and the social impacts from the
deep relationships that people are going
to have with AI. But I think it at least
so far it has surprised me on the upside
of how much people really differentiate
between like that's an AI and I talk to
an AI in some way and I get something
out of it and that's a friend and I talk
to a friend a person in this other way
and get a very different thing out of
that.
>> All right, here's something I've always
wanted to ask you. Um AI Twitter is
still really active even though you know
Twitter doesn't exist anymore. Uh, you
actively post there, share a lot of news
there, and that's extremely helpful and
good for Elon Musk, a man who is trying
to destroy your company. Have you ever
thought of just moving your posts
somewhere else?
>> Where should I move them?
>> Well, you could create your own social
app.
[laughter]
>> Don't go to Blue Sky. They don't like AI
there.
>> Well, that's
>> they're not going to be nice to you.
Okay.
>> It's a rough neighborhood. Maybe a Maybe
it's a last name. We wanted to know this
too. We'd invite you both to to answer
this. Is there any part of your life
that you feel like I want to wall this
off from AI a little bit? It's fun to
talk about AI. We think it's all very
useful. We're excited to keep building
it. But this particular thing, we're
going analog.
>> I got to think about [laughter] that
one.
>> Surfing presumably.
>> Although maybe you ask for tips.
>> We we're roboticizing that now too. It's
unfortunate. But um let me think about
it.
>> I'm big on the analog stuff. I, you
know, I put my phone away and go for
hikes every weekend and I, you know,
hanging out with my family. I put my
phone away. I And I'm like very happy
not to have technology in the way for
that.
>> All right, that's that. Thank you.
>> Thank you. [applause]
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you, Brad.
>> [music]